Now let me introduce some of the most popular varieties .
Popular varieties of Derubaru This at first what is a votive tablet also Do not you here to say live
That cherry blossom pink pale pink rosette blooms a cup from blooming
It is already popular 8 in shape and color of this flower
First of all, the scent I explained earlier was very good
The rest is this thorn rose This
It is big to have you see, but it is vine rose but vine rose is usually good that only spring blooms
Among the many things , this is a very strong seasonal rose roses
Lr loses
And it is popular now that it is a good thing that it is strong against diseases and has a good smell and that it is a slippery rose.
Is growing significantly
Popular the case for here the second in
Chantero Zemisato This is not a slipper but it is an edition tool
A bit more chic than now with related sex
Comes in a chic feel from a lilac lavender pink or love bud
This is also a cute flower, but we go to the stand and this is also
It's eight and a half so it doesn't get bigger than trouble but it's general
Type in which the arch of the body is facing a very Once was about Obelisk Toka fence etc.
This breed is easy to grow into the sky
This is the second most popular and last year's
This is a new species, but also here Rose Pompard
Just a minute ago Nemiya, there are also plenty of petals
It becomes gorgeous rosette bloom, but this also
8 And again Name Mami Sato's Rose Pompadour is a little shorter but this is also half
It will be a vine type
Had
This feature is also a strong to this disease by smell good
Slightly supple branch for the first time in Misato troubled with
t is a feature
Here I think that it may be said that 3 times popular varieties now
Yes
After this year's
c I would like to introduce two varieties, but they are a little taller but
this
Bian section new
It is difficult to pronounce properly, but it may also be planted in 8 English
The meaning of "Welcome in French" is "Welcome"
So it looks like this is an 8-string version tool but it is a rather large version tool
It's just good for arches , so it's better to come here from above
It That's even if very well smell in many gorgeous flowers that petals Te
In flower Festa memory park in March of this year
There was an award ceremony for the 8 Rose Contest, but this kind is also the best fragrance
But
Breed comfort called Bianvenue who takes an award
To pull the top after last
Here
Please proceed with the breed of 8 cases Mont Blanc and be gentle
In this 8 in the cup bloom of bicycle parking in the new breed of just been this spring announced this even better aroma
This is also Ada's thin, supple, and full bloom.
It is said that it is easy to open this half is also half open and this is this kind of voice
That from now on soft Dano thing Hase in the will has become quite high to say
Tailoring side, such as to attract attract or something obelisk tailoring
Anyway, it is very easy for the city when you want to bend it in front of 10 schools and make a firm bend
It is a variety and is characterized by a good smell
I think you have
This will be the semi-vine of the etc. if a
Overwintering in the previous introduction
A little smaller than 3 sugars Medium or a little smaller in the version tool
I feel
Such a place or yes thank you